You still don't take care of your body.
We need Han-na to come in here
as soon as possible.
He threatened me
saying they can kill us all
and that they have an astronomical amount
of money the North can never refuse.
That Nam Tae-il.
So?
Threatening to kill Gang-mu,
I had Han-na obtain proof
of their true intentions.
But the party guaranteed our safe return.
Do you doubt our party?
Stop using my loyalty to the party
to put down my reasonable doubt.
What?
I had to risk my life
trying to abduct Professor Han.
I never imagined it was
for the ruling party of the South
to regain power.
Comrade Park Geum-cheol took
his own life by taking cyanide.
And our agents died
during the engagement in the West Sea.
I'm sure they never imagined
they died for the South administration
to regain power.
The party will secure
a huge amount of money.
With that money, Geum-cheol and the others
-will become heroes--
-If they do
become heroes of our republic,
I'm sure their families will live well.
But what parent can live happily
with money they got
for their children's deaths?
I must go back alive.
And Eung-cheol must go back alive
to live happily with his mother.
That's all the more reason
why I need to know…
what kind of deal
the North and the South made,
and if that huge amount of money
includes the price of our lives.
I must find out.
Comrade.
Do you know who helped me get in here?
The President's favorite guy,
the ruling party's secretary-general,
Nam Tae-il.
He's a future presidential candidate.
To become his doctor…
No.
To have him wrapped around my finger,
it took me as many as 17 years.
And yet,
the party ordered me to risk my life
to come in here and send you,
Taedong River 1, back to the North safely.
Now tell me.
Will the party abandon you guys?
I will not condone any more doubt.
Those who led the escape,
take them to the hall director's office.
Now.
You ANSP agent,
how did you find out about me?
You just came out of that room.
You still don't know?
Through wiretapping?
A hall director of a women's dorm
put a bug on her students
and reported to the ANSP?
How did our lofty hall director
end up spying for the ANSP?
The doctor the ANSP sent in
turned out to be a Northern spy.
I can't hold a candle to you.